README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/lendradev">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/lendradev/lendradev/blob/master/assets/banner-new-dark.png">
      <img alt="Banner" src="https://github.com/lendradxx/lendradev/blob/master/assets/banner-new-light.png">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

# Hey there! 👋

<b>I'm Lendra</b>, a software developer, web developer, and freelancer based in Indonesia. I'm interested in building things that live on the internet. Currently, I'm focused on building accessible, inclusive products and web experiences.

<!--
## 👨‍💻 Skills

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nodejs,vue,js,ts,linux,git,github,windows,docker)](https://github.com/lendradev)
-->

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/lendradev">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=lendradev&theme=onedark">
      <img alt="Trophy" src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=lendradev">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<!-- <p>
  <a href="https://github.com/lendradev">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://roadmap.sh/card/wide/68f769e717747caa5a5c2d21?variant=dark">
      <img alt="Roadmap" src="https://roadmap.sh/card/wide/68f769e717747caa5a5c2d21?variant=light">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p> -->

Commit message:

Revise personal introduction in README
Updated personal introduction to reflect a commitment to learning and quality solutions.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/lendradev">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/lendradev/lendradev/blob/master/assets/banner-new-dark.png">
      <img alt="Banner" src="https://github.com/lendradxx/lendradev/blob/master/assets/banner-new-light.png">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

# Hey there! 👋

Hi, I’m Lendra, a passionate programmer with a commitment to continuous learning and delivering quality solutions through technology.
<!--
## 👨‍💻 Skills

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nodejs,vue,js,ts,linux,git,github,windows,docker)](https://github.com/lendradev)
-->

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/lendradev">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=lendradev&theme=onedark">
      <img alt="Trophy" src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=lendradev">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<!-- <p>
  <a href="https://github.com/lendradev">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://roadmap.sh/card/wide/68f769e717747caa5a5c2d21?variant=dark">
      <img alt="Roadmap" src="https://roadmap.sh/card/wide/68f769e717747caa5a5c2d21?variant=light">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p> -->
